
 Scopus | The largest database of peer-reviewed literature | Elsevier
 Skip to content
 Menu
 Cart
 0
 View Cart
 Register/Login
 Account
 Help and Contact
 Logout
 Search
 Search
 Search in:
 All
 Webpages
 Books
 Journals
 Scopus®
Scopus is the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature: scientific journals, books and conference proceedings.
Contact sales
Login to Scopus
 Home
 All Solutions
 Scopus
 Who uses Scopus
 Content
 Features
 Learn & Support
 Resource Library
 About ScopusScopus is the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature: scientific journals, books and conference proceedings. Delivering a comprehensive overview of the world's research output in   the fields of science, technology, medicine, social sciences, and arts   and humanities, Scopus features smart tools to track, analyze and   visualize research.As research becomes increasingly global, interdisciplinary and collaborative, you can make sure that critical research from around the world is not missed when you choose Scopus.
 “Speed is very important … I can easily identify what I need to know, read it, digest it, and move on to the next one.” James, Research Pathologist, Medical Device R&D, Scopus user How Scopus improves product development outcomes pdf (718 KB) “Scopus informs every phase of the editorial process. I would not want to do this job without it, and I intend to continue using it throughout my career.” William, Professor of Economics, University of Tennessee Why I wouldn’t want to be without Scopus; an editor’s story
 Don’t Speculate. Validate. It’s time for a new standard of journal citation impact
Watch our latest webinar on CiteScore metrics - the free, transparent, comprehensive, and current metrics now available as part of the Scopus basket of metrics.Learn about how CiteScore is calculated and the eight different metrics that are included; how CiteScore metrics fit into the overall Scopus basket of metrics and why they have been added; how CiteScore metrics can be accessed; and how you can get involved in defining the basket of metrics.Click here to watch the webinar
 ContentYou need to keep track of what's happening in your research world. Across all research fields — science, mathematics, engineering, technology, health and medicine, social sciences, and arts and humanities — Scopus delivers a broad overview of global, interdisciplinary scientific information that researchers like you need.More about Content
 FeaturesResearch is a complex pursuit. More than ever, finding the right result is as important as uncovering trends, discovering sources and collaborators, and analyzing results to yield further insights. Scopus features smart tools to track, analyze and visualize research.More about Features
Featured Video
Get credit for your work. Watch how to manage your Scopus author profile.
Visit orcid.scopusfeedback.com now to check your author profile. Does not require access to Scopus.
Latest NewsNeed help on Scopus? Head to the Scopus Support CenterCiteScore Revealed: More Transparency, More ClarityWhat's new on Scopus: Author & Affiliation result page changes, new Support Center and CiteScore TransparencyCiteScore Tracker: Keep current with how a title’s CiteScore is building each month
 Headlines syndicated from blog.scopus.com.
 Close
 Home
 About
 Books and Journals
 Authors
 Editors
 Librarians
 Reviewers
 Research Platforms
 Research Intelligence
 R&D Solutions
 Clinical Solutions
 Education Solutions
 All Solutions
 Shop Books and Journals
 Author Webshop
 Elsevier Connect
 Support Center
 Solution info
 Visit Scopus
 Contact sales
 Stay in touch
 Stay in touch
 Visit the Scopus blog
 Sign up for the newsletter
 Support
 Support
 Visit Scopus support
 Follow Scopus
 Solutions
 Solutions
 Scopus
 ScienceDirect
 Mendeley
 Evolve
 Knovel
 Reaxys
 Clinical Key
 Researchers
 Researchers
 Submit your paper
 Find books & journals
 Visit Author Hub
 Visit Editor Hub
 Visit Librarian Hub
 Visit Reviewer Hub
 Support center
 Elsevier
 Elsevier
 Our business
 Newsroom
 Press releases
 Contact
 Events
 Advertising
 Publisher relations
 Website
 Website
 Sitemap
 Website feedback
 Follow Elsevier
 Copyright © 2017 Elsevier, except certain content provided by third party
 Cookies are used by this site. To decline or learn more, visit our Cookies page.
 Terms and Conditions
 Privacy Policy
Elsevier.com visitor survey
We are always looking for ways to improve customer experience on Elsevier.com.
We would like to ask you for a moment of your time to fill in a short questionnaire, at the end of your visit.
If you decide to participate, a new browser window will open and remain open until you have completed your visit to this website. Thanks in advance for your time.
Accept Decline
